mh_metric: add page (#7912)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/mh_metric.md

# mh_metric

> Calculate and enforce code metrics for MATLAB or Octave code.
> More information: <https://misshit.org>.

- Print the code metrics for the specified files:

`mh_metric {{path/to/file1.m path/to/file2.m ...}}`

- Print the code metrics for the specified Octave files:

`mh_metric --octave {{path/to/file1.m path/to/file2.m ...}}`

> - Print the code metrics for the specified directory:

Reviewer: Should we add `tree`. It seems from the documentation it does a recursive walk of the specified directory.
```suggestion
- Print the code metrics for the specified directory tree:
```

Author: @mfrw is `recursively` more appropriate?

Reviewer: Yep I think that sounds much better.

Author: ```suggestion
- Print the code metrics for the specified directory recursively:
```

# mh_metric

> Calculate and enforce code metrics for MATLAB or Octave code.
> More information: <https://misshit.org>.

> - Display code metrics for a MATLAB file:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Print the code metrics for the specified files:
```

> `mh_metric {{path/to/file.m}}`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`mh_metric {{path/to/input_file1.m path/to/input_file2.m ...}}`
```

Author: ```suggestion
`mh_metric {{path/to/file1.m path/to/file2.m ...}}`
```

> - Display code metrics for an Octave file:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Print the code metrics for the specified Octave files:
```

> `mh_metric --octave {{path/to/file.m}}`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`mh_metric --octave {{path/to/input_file1.m path/to/input_file2.m ...}}`
```

Author: ```suggestion
`mh_metric --octave {{path/to/file1.m path/to/file2.m ...}}`
```

> - Display code metrics for a specific directory:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Print the code metrics for the specified directory:
```

`mh_metric {{path/to/directory}}`

> - Display code metrics for the current directory:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Print the code metrics for the current directory:
```

`mh_metric`

- Produce a code metrics report in HTML format:

`mh_metric --html {{path/to/file.html}}`

- Produce a code metrics report in JSON format:

> `mh_metric --json {{path/to/file.json}}`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Print the code metrics report in HTML/JSON format:

`mh_metric --{{html|json}} {{path/to/output_file.html|path/to/output_file.json}}`

Author: I think this is more clear
```suggestion
- Print the code metrics report in HTML or JSON format:

`mh_metric --{{html|json}} {{path/to/output_file}}`
```
